Add a listing of the known hardware sites. (#213)
path-cc/path-cc.github.io: _services/credit-accounts.md

[credit-accounts@path-cc.io](mailto:credit-accounts@path-cc.io) with questions about PATh resources, using HTC,
or estimating credit needs.

HTC resource management has different approaches compared to many batch systems.  For example, PATh has more

> scheduling flexibility for smaller jobs, meaning there's an escalating charge in credits for larger jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheduling flexibility for smaller jobs, resulting in an escalating charge in credits for larger jobs.
```
